Update how-to-add-template guide (#1233)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/development/adding_templates.rst

The following steps will help you to add your favourite circuit ansatz to
PennyLane's :mod:`template <pennylane.template>` library.

.. note::

    PennyLane internally loosely distinguishes :doc:`different types </introduction/templates>` of templates, such as
    :mod:`embeddings <pennylane.templates.embeddings>`, :mod:`layers <pennylane.templates.layers>`,
    :mod:`state_preparations <pennylane.templates.state_preparations>` or
    :mod:`subroutines <pennylane.templates.subroutines>`. Below you need to replace ``<templ_type>`` with the
    correct template type.

Templates are just gates
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Conceptually, there is no difference in PennyLane between a template or ansatz and a :mod:`gate <pennylane.ops>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conceptually, there is no difference in PennyLane between a template or ansatz and a :doc:`operation </introduction/operations>`.
```

        def expand(self):

            # extract the weights as the first parameter
            # passed to this operation
            weights = self.parameters[0]

            # extract the length of the weights vector using
            # the interface-agnostic `math` module
            num_weights = qml.math.shape(weights)[0]

            # record the ansatz in a tape
            with qml.tape.QuantumTape() as tape:

                for i in range(num_weights):
                    qml.RX(weights[i], wires=self.wires[i])

            return tape

The ``num_params`` and ``num_wires`` class attributes determine that an instance of this template can be created
by passing a single parameter (of arbitrary shape and type), as well as an arbitrary number of wires:

.. code-block:: python

    weights = np.array([0.1, 0.2, 0.3])
    MyNewTemplate(weights, wires=['a', 'b', 'd'])

As an ``Operation``, templates can define other methods and attributes, such as a matrix representation,
a generator, or even a gradient rule.

.. note::

    In principle, templates could also inherit from the :class:`Observable <pennylane.operation.Observable>`

>     class and define a sequence of diagonalising gates as an ansatz.

Reviewer: 🤔

Reviewer: There is also nothing stopping a template that inherits from `Operation` from expanding to include measurements. I wonder what would happen, whether it would 'just work' or not.

Author: Can we leave it though? maybe it gives people ideas :)

Reviewer: Yeah sure! The thinking face was more that it 'made me think' hahaha

Classical pre-processing
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Templates often perform extensive pre-processing on the arguments they receive.

Any substantial pre-processing should be implemented by overwriting the ``__init__`` function of the ``Operator`` class.
This also allows us to define templates with more flexible signatures than the ``(*params, wires)``
signature expected by the ``Operator`` class.

As an illustration, let us extend ``MyNewTemplate`` and check that the first
parameter it receives is one-dimensional, apply a sine function to each weight,
and invert the wires that the operation acts on.

.. code-block:: python

    def MyNewTemplate(Operation):

        num_params = 1
        num_wires = AnyWires

>         par_domain = "A"  # note: this attribute will be deprecated soon

Reviewer: Need to add this to the todo list!

            return tape

The ``parameters`` and ``wires`` attributes used in the ``expand()`` function
refer to the ``new_weights`` and ``inverted_wires`` that were used to initialize the parent class.

The template design should make as many arguments differentiable as possible.
Differentiable arguments are always tensors of the allowed :doc:`interfaces </introduction/interfaces>`,
such as ``tf.Variable``, or ``pennylane.numpy.array``.
This means that we have to process them with interface-agnostic pre-processing methods inside the templates.
A lot of functionality
is provided by the :mod:`pennylane.math` module - for example, the length of the weights in the code above
was computed with the ``qml.math.shape(weights)`` function, since some tensor types do not support ``len(weights)``.

.. note::

    To retrieve elements from a tensor, keep in mind that not all tensor types support
    iteration. Avoid expressions like ``for w in weights`` and
    rather iterate over ranges like ``for i in range(num_weights)``. When indexing into the tensor,
    use multi-indexing where possible - expressions like ``weights[6][5][2]`` are usually a

>     lot slower than ``weights[6, 5, 2]``.

Reviewer: Good idea to include this!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To retrieve elements from a tensor, keep in mind that not all tensor types support
    iteration.
    
    - Avoid expressions like ``for w in weights`` and
      rather iterate over ranges like ``for i in range(num_weights)``.
      
    - When indexing into the tensor, use multi-indexing where possible --- expressions
      like ``weights[6][5][2]`` are usually a lot slower than ``weights[6, 5, 2]``.
```
